Themittel!
Rod chromosome fork,
Rockeed 14 generator
In the US, there are two egg-shaped
turrets, which are the main features of the appearance.
This is also the case that our army has been hit
and captured by multiple enemy forces in the Marai Line,
as you already know, but it is still an enemy
that sometimes appears in the south.
However, the same type of tourist destination of the appearance
is used by our airline,
so it is necessary to pay attention
to the characteristics of the explosion
and not only the appearance, but also the characteristics of the explosion.
This sound plate is a recording of a Rocky Roe Hudson
flying at a speed of 1000m, 3000m, 5000m
at a speed of 1000m, 3000m, 5000m
and recorded the explosion.
Please pay attention to the sound plate.
The overall characteristics of the explosion are
the softness and power of the American-style
and the sound of the sound of the bottom.
This is also the same as the Baffa Roe,
regardless of the altitude,
and the sound that is heard in the air.
It is a sound that is heard from a high frequency range
of 150 to 200 cycles,
so you can feel a low weight.
This is an example of sound waves,
which is like an organ,
and I think it's interesting to try that sound.
In addition, there is a sound that is heard
at a straight line of 1000m and 3000m
You can hear the sound of the three kinds of synthetic sounds with a certain tone.
And at 5,000 meters, you can hear the sound of a single-pitch single-pitch sound, such as the sound of a single note.
And you can hear a light hum.
Please listen to the sound of the feature sound in full.